[docs] Create the doc of the new time, date time and date range pickers (#6958)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/date-pickers/legacy-date-time-picker/legacy-date-time-picker.md

---
product: date-pickers
title: React Date Time Picker component
components: DateTimePicker,DesktopDateTimePicker,MobileDateTimePicker,StaticDateTimePicker
githubLabel: 'component: DateTimePicker'
packageName: '@mui/x-date-pickers'
materialDesign: https://m2.material.io/components/date-pickers
---

# Date Time Picker

<p class="description">This component combines the date & time pickers.</p>

:::warning
This page describes how the legacy date time pickers work.
If you are already using the v6 alpha or beta, we recommend you to try the [new date time pickers](/x/react-date-pickers/date-time-picker/).

At the end of the v6 beta phase, the legacy date time pickers will be removed and replaced the new date time pickers
(which will be renamed to match the current name of the legacy pickers).
:::

It allows the user to select both date and time with the same control.

> Note that this component is the [DatePicker](/x/react-date-pickers/legacy-date-picker/) and [TimePicker](/x/react-date-pickers/legacy-time-picker/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this component is the [NextDatePicker](/x/react-date-pickers/date-picker/) and [NextTimePicker](/x/react-date-pickers/time-picker/)
```

Author: We are on the legacy page so it's not the combination of the `Next` pickers
